doc: update partition mode config on up2 (#2500)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/using_partition_mode_on_up2.rst

      Refer to the :ref:`getting-started-building` for more information on how
      to install all the ACRN build dependencies.

#. Prepare VM configurations for UP2 partition mode

   The BOARD specific VM configurations should be under the folder:
   ``hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/$(CONFIG_BOARD)/``.

   For UP2 board, we can simply copy configurations of apl-mrb to the up2 folder:

   .. code-block:: none

>      $ cp hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/* hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/up2/

Reviewer: ... this works as written since there are no subdirectories in ``apl-mrb`` so I'll leave it alone

>      $ cp hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/* hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/up2/

Reviewer 2: We should at least create the up2 folder beforehand. That command will fail otherwise (this was in fact my primary motivation for suggesting this change)

#. Configure the PCI device info for each VM

   PCI devices that are available to the privileged VMs
   are hardcoded in the source file ``hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/pt_dev.c``.
   You need to review and modify the ``vm0_pci_ptdevs`` and ``vm1_pci_ptdevs``
   structures in the source code to match the PCI BDF addresses of the SATA
   controller and the USB controller noted in step 1:

   .. code-block:: none

>      :emphasize-lines: 5,9,17,21,25

Reviewer 2: I can see why it makes sense to highlight lines 9 and 21 (where the BDF collected above are used) but what is the meaning of the other lines highlighted?

I guess, looking at the current version of that doc, that the first BDF (`0:0.0`) is for the host bridge. Can we add this in the code like it used to be)? It would make things clearer.

I'm also assuming that we can use any BDF for the `vbdf.bits` as long as it hasn't been used yet. If true, some wording on this would be useful.

     :caption: hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/pt_dev.c

     ...
     struct acrn_vm_pci_ptdev_config vm0_pci_ptdevs[2] = {
	{
		.vbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x00U, .f = 0x00U},
		.pbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x00U, .f = 0x00U},
	},
	{
		.vbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x01U, .f = 0x00U},
		.pbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x12U, .f = 0x00U},
	},
     };

     ...
     struct acrn_vm_pci_ptdev_config vm1_pci_ptdevs[3] = {
	{
		.vbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x00U, .f = 0x00U},
		.pbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x00U, .f = 0x00U},
	},
	{
		.vbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x01U, .f = 0x00U},
		.pbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x15U, .f = 0x00U},
	},
	{
		.vbdf.bits = {.b = 0x00U, .d = 0x02U, .f = 0x00U},
		.pbdf.bits = {.b = 0x02U, .d = 0x00U, .f = 0x00U},
	},
     };
     ...

> #. Optionally, configure the ``VMx_CONFIG_OS_BOOTARGS`` kernel command line arguments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Optionally, configure the ``VMx_CONFIG_OS_BOOTARGS`` (where ``x`` is the VM number) kernel command line arguments
```

>    The partiton mode configure infomation is located in header

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The partition mode configuration information is located in header
```

>    file ``hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/partition_config.h``.

Reviewer 2: Why is this file under `apl-mrb`? Could we promote it to `hypervisor/arch/x86/configs` if it's applicable to other platforms?

   The kernel command line arguments used to boot the privileged VMs are
   hardcoded as ``/dev/sda3`` to meet the Clear Linux OS automatic installation.
   In case you plan to use your customized root
   filesystem, you may optionally edit the ``root=`` parameter specified
   in the ``VMx_CONFIG_OS_BOOTARGS`` MACRO, to instruct the Linux kernel to
   mount the right disk partition:
   
   .. code-block:: none
     :emphasize-lines: 12-14
     :caption: hypervisor/arch/x86/configs/apl-mrb/partition_config.h

     ...
     #define	VM0_CONFIGURED

>      #define VM0_CONFIG_NAME			"PRE-LAUNCHED VM1 for APL-MRB"

Reviewer 2: Could we change the names of the VMs if we move this file?

     #define VM0_CONFIG_TYPE			PRE_LAUNCHED_VM
     #define VM0_CONFIG_PCPU_BITMAP		(PLUG_CPU(0) | PLUG_CPU(2))
     #define VM0_CONFIG_FLAGS			IO_COMPLETION_POLLING
     #define VM0_CONFIG_MEM_START_HPA		0x100000000UL
     #define VM0_CONFIG_MEM_SIZE		0x20000000UL

     #define VM0_CONFIG_OS_NAME			"ClearLinux 26600"
     #define VM0_CONFIG_OS_BOOTARGS		"root=/dev/sda3 rw rootwait noxsave maxcpus=2 nohpet console=hvc0 \
						console=ttyS2 no_timer_check ignore_loglevel log_buf_len=16M \
						consoleblank=0 tsc=reliable xapic_phys"

> 

Reviewer 2: I would recommend to add a note here to indicate the the root device for `VM1` also is `/dev/sda3` since the USB controller is the only one seen in that VM.
